README.md, before:

# polypomo - a polybar pomodoro widget

## Usage

Download or clone this repository, then in polybar add:

```
; In your bar configuration add
modules-right = <other-modules> polypomo <other-modules>

; and add a polypomo module
[module/polypomo]
type = custom/script

exec = /path/to/polypomo
tail = true

label = %output%
click-left = /path/to/polypomo toggle
click-right = /path/to/polypomo end
click-middle = /path/to/polypomo lock
scroll-up = /path/to/polypomo time +60
scroll-down = /path/to/polypomo time -60

font-0 = fixed:pixelsize=10;1
font-1 = Noto Emoji:scale=15:antialias=false;0
```

In order to prevent accidental changes to the timer, polypomo starts in `locked` mode.  
Middle click the widget or run `polypomo lock` to toggle locked state.  
You can then scroll-up/down to change time.

If you wish to permanently change the default times start polypomo with `--worktime seconds` and `--breaktime seconds`.

### Fonts

In order to display the icons as shown in the screenshots below,
you need to configure a font that includes the Unicode glyphs U+1F345 (🍅) and U+1F3D6 (🏖).
The example above uses the font [Noto Emoji](https://www.google.com/get/noto/help/emoji/).

### About pomodoro technique

While polypomo implements the `active -> break -> active` pattern it doesn't enforce the longer break after a given number of active sprees.  
This is left at the discretion of the user.


## Optional dependencies

polypomo makes use of `notify-send` to send a notification when the timer reaches zero.


## Screenshots

![pomodoro timer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unode/polypomo/master/imgs/tomato-timer.png)  
![break timer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unode/polypomo/master/imgs/break-timer.png)

Commit message:

Add links, limitations and license to README

README.md, after:

# polypomo - a [polybar](https://polybar.github.io/) [pomodoro](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique) widget

## Usage

Download or clone this repository, then in polybar add:

```
; In your bar configuration add
modules-right = <other-modules> polypomo <other-modules>

; and add a polypomo module
[module/polypomo]
type = custom/script

exec = /path/to/polypomo
tail = true

label = %output%
click-left = /path/to/polypomo toggle
click-right = /path/to/polypomo end
click-middle = /path/to/polypomo lock
scroll-up = /path/to/polypomo time +60
scroll-down = /path/to/polypomo time -60

font-0 = fixed:pixelsize=10;1
font-1 = Noto Emoji:scale=15:antialias=false;0
```

In order to prevent accidental changes to the timer, polypomo starts in `locked` mode.  
Middle click the widget or run `polypomo lock` to toggle locked state.  
You can then scroll-up/down to change time.

If you wish to permanently change the default times start polypomo with `--worktime seconds` and `--breaktime seconds`.

There isn't much else in terms of configuration but if the syntax above is confusing please refer to the [polybar configuration wiki page](https://github.com/polybar/polybar/wiki/Configuration).

### Limitations

polypomo is designed to work as a single widget in your polybar.  
Running multiple polypomo instances is not a supported configuration [but some workarounds are possible](https://github.com/unode/polypomo/issues/3#issuecomment-781288256).

### Fonts

In order to display the icons as shown in the screenshots below,
you need to configure a font that includes the Unicode glyphs U+1F345 (🍅) and U+1F3D6 (🏖).
The example above uses the font [Noto Emoji](https://www.google.com/get/noto/help/emoji/).

### About pomodoro technique

While polypomo implements the `active -> break -> active` pattern it doesn't enforce the longer break after a given number of active sprees.  
This is left at the discretion of the user.

## Optional dependencies

polypomo makes use of `notify-send` to send a notification when the timer reaches zero.

## Screenshots

![pomodoro timer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unode/polypomo/master/imgs/tomato-timer.png)  
![break timer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unode/polypomo/master/imgs/break-timer.png)

## License

polypomo is licensed under the [MIT](https://github.com/unode/polypomo/blob/master/LICENSE) license
